Docs-3591 Update SED Article (#1352)
truenas/documentation: content/CORE/CORETutorials/Storage/SED.md

## Supported Specifications

* Legacy interface for older ATA devices (Not recommended for security-critical environments!)
* [TCG Opal 1](https://trustedcomputinggroup.org/wp-content/uploads/Opal_SSC_1.00_rev3.00-Final.pdf) legacy specification
* [TCG OPAL 2](https://trustedcomputinggroup.org/wp-content/uploads/TCG_Storage-Opal_SSC_v2.01_rev1.00.pdf) standard for newer consumer-grade devices
* [TCG Opalite](https://trustedcomputinggroup.org/wp-content/uploads/TCG_Storage-Opalite_SSC_FAQ.pdf) which is a reduced form of OPAL 2
* TCG Pyrite [Version 1](https://trustedcomputinggroup.org/wp-content/uploads/TCG_Storage-Pyrite_SSC_v1.00_r1.00.pdf) and 
  [Version 2](https://trustedcomputinggroup.org/wp-content/uploads/TCG_Storage-Pyrite_SSC_v2.00_r1.00_PUB.pdf) are similar to Opalite, but with hardware encryption removed

>   Pyrite provides a logical equivalent of the legacy ATA security for non-ATA devices. Only the drive firmware is used to protect the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Pyrite provides a logical equivalent of the legacy ATA security for non-ATA devices. Only the drive firmware protects the device.
```
